Corect link to Calico installation (#39538)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/addons.md

* [ACI](https://www.github.com/noironetworks/aci-containers) provides integrated container networking and network security with Cisco ACI.
* [Antrea](https://antrea.io/) operates at Layer 3/4 to provide networking and security services for Kubernetes, leveraging Open vSwitch as the networking data plane. Antrea is a [CNCF project at the Sandbox level](https://www.cncf.io/projects/antrea/). 

> * [Calico](https://www.tigera.io/project-calico/) is a networking and network policy provider. Calico supports a flexible set of networking options so you can choose the most efficient option for your situation, including non-overlay and overlay networks, with or without BGP. Calico uses the same engine to enforce network policy for hosts, pods, and (if using Istio & Envoy) applications at the service mesh layer.

Reviewer: Would it be better to use https://projectcalico.docs.tigera.io/ instead as it is mentioned in Calico repo as it's full documentation link [here](https://github.com/projectcalico/calico#getting-started-running-calico)

> * [Calico](https://www.tigera.io/project-calico/) is a networking and network policy provider. Calico supports a flexible set of networking options so you can choose the most efficient option for your situation, including non-overlay and overlay networks, with or without BGP. Calico uses the same engine to enforce network policy for hosts, pods, and (if using Istio & Envoy) applications at the service mesh layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Calico](https://projectcalico.docs.tigera.io/introduction/) is a networking and network policy provider. Calico supports a flexible set of networking options so you can choose the most efficient option for your situation, including non-overlay and overlay networks, with or without BGP. Calico uses the same engine to enforce network policy for hosts, pods, and (if using Istio & Envoy) applications at the service mesh layer.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm happy with this PR as it stands @santosh1176

See https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/39538#discussion_r1117906402

Author: @sftim Thanks, I’ll rebase and push asap.

> * [Calico](https://docs.tigera.io/calico/3.25/getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed-onprem/onpremises#install-calico) is a networking and network policy provider. Calico supports a flexible set of networking options so you can choose the most efficient option for your situation, including non-overlay and overlay networks, with or without BGP. Calico uses the same engine to enforce network policy for hosts, pods, and (if using Istio & Envoy) applications at the service mesh layer.

Reviewer 3: Similar PR: #39554

Which link would be better, to use in this K8s docs?
- https://docs.tigera.io/calico/3.25/getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed-onprem/onpremises#install-calico
  (the one @Santosh1176 suggested)
  - the doc version for specific Calico version (`3.25`) is specified in the link. In future, it might be needed to bump this version.
- https://projectcalico.docs.tigera.io/getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed-onprem/onpremises#install-calico
  - the doc version for specific Calico version is not specified in the link. It seems that it redirects to the doc for the latest Calico version. IMO this is more desirable in the context like this.

Reviewer 4: @jihoon-seo 2nd one is also redirecting to first link only. so according to me first link i.e https://docs.tigera.io/calico/3.25/getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed-onprem/onpremises#install-calico is better option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Calico](https://docs.tigera.io/calico/latest/getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed-onprem/onpremises#install-calico) is a networking and network policy provider. Calico supports a flexible set of networking options so you can choose the most efficient option for your situation, including non-overlay and overlay networks, with or without BGP. Calico uses the same engine to enforce network policy for hosts, pods, and (if using Istio & Envoy) applications at the service mesh layer.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's reasonable to link to the “semi permanent” latest version of the relevant doc.

> * [Calico](https://docs.tigera.io/calico/latest/getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed-onprem/onpremises#install-calico) is a networking and network policy provider. Calico supports a flexible set of networking options so you can choose the most efficient option for your situation, including non-overlay and overlay networks, with or without BGP. Calico uses the same engine to enforce network policy for hosts, pods, and (if using Istio & Envoy) applications at the service mesh layer.

Reviewer 5: I'm not sure we want to link to a specific page on the Calico website. That page may be moved or even removed any time. Why don't we just link to https://www.tigera.io/project-calico/ ? It is much more stable than the proposed one.
